There once was a college student named Brent. Brent was a good student but not without his faults. He suffered from a common, but deadly, affliction known as procrastination. Over the years Brent had learned to cope with his condition until one day he told himself that this would be the semester he finally put his demon to rest. He started out strong. He went to class, took notes, and kept on top of his classwork. As the weeks dragged on, however, he slowly descended back into that dark, dark hole. One night he found himself cramming for an upcoming final when it suddenly occurred to him that he had to write a short story for a computer science course.

An observer in the shadows saw his predicament.
  "Big mood," he thought, comiserating but not helping. The observer stood for a while, watching Brent struggle with his work, but did nothing.
He soon decided that this was boring, and he was in the middle of Star Trek: TNG S6E14 "Face of the Enemy" and that he wanted to get back to watching it. But he was editing a text file in vim, so first he needed to google "How to exit vim".

A second observer, with the chiseled features of a movie star, sat in his gold-plated yacht and read the words of the first two individuals on a giant movie screen as a Nepalese maiden fed him grapes imported from the Chablis vineyards. Impatiently brushing away her sensual advances, he reclined in what can only be described as a throne, and dictated to his personal secretary a series of brilliantly descriptive sentences that demonstrated a command of the English language worthy of Oscar Wilde. Then he had to look up how to exit vim.

Brent woke up from a crazy dream that he barely could rememeber. Pondering for a second, fragments of Star Trek and a gold-plated yacht came to mind, but he couldn't piece it together. In the corner of his eye, Brent's face quickly
turned to horror as he realized he only had two more hours to turn in his assignment. His procrastination had a side effect of long crazy dreams for no reason.

Frantic and running out of time, Brent began to type his story. His fingers moved at speeds man had never before experienced. Words flowed from his mind like the mighty Nile river and he was definitely not just filling his final paragraph with fluff. Exhausted he leaned back and admired his work. With just an hour to spare he finished his story and had beaten procrastination once again. 
 
